https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atta ur Rehman Khan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wil van der Aalst
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scott Aaronson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rediet Abebe
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hal Abelson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serge Abiteboul
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samson Abramsky
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leonard Adleman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manindra Agrawal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luis von Ahn
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alfred Aho
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frances E. Allen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gene Amdahl
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David P. Anderson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lisa Anthony
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrew Appel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cecilia R. Aragon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bruce Arden
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Angie Jones
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sanjeev Arora
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Winifred "Tim" Alice Asprey
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John Vincent Atanasoff
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shakuntala Atre
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles Babbage
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles Bachman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roland Carl Backhouse
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John Backus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David F. Bacon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David Bader
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Victor Bahl
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anthony James Barr
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean Bartik
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrew Barto
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Friedrich L. Bauer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rudolf Bayer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gordon Bell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steven M. Bellovin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cecilia Berdichevsky
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tim Berners-Lee
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniel J. Bernstein
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter Bernus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abhay Bhushan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dines Bjørner
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerrit Blaauw
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sue Black
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David Blei
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dorothy Blum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lenore Blum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manuel Blum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barry Boehm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corrado Böhm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kurt Bollacker
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeff Bonwick
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grady Booch
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George Boole
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrew Booth
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kathleen Booth
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anita Borg
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bert Bos
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mikhail Botvinnik
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jonathan Bowen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephen R. Bourne
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harry Bouwman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert S. Boyer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Karlheinz Brandenburg
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gilles Brassard
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lawrence M. Breed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack E. Bresenham
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sergey Brin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David J. Brown
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Per Brinch Hansen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sjaak Brinkkemper
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fred Brooks
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rod Brooks
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Margaret Burnett
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael Butler
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pino Caballero Gil
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tracy Camp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin Campbell-Kelly
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rosemary Candlin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rod Canion
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bryan Cantrill
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luca Cardelli
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John Carmack
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael Caspersen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edwin Catmull
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vint Cerf
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gregory Chaitin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert Cailliau
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zhou Chaochen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter Chen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leonardo Chiariglione
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tracy Chou
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alonzo Church
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alberto Ciaramella
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edmund M. Clarke
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John Cocke
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edgar F. Codd
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jacques Cohen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ian Coldwater
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simon Colton
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alain Colmerauer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Douglas Comer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul Justin Compton
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard W. Conway
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gordon Cormack
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephen Cook
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James Cooley
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Danese Cooper
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fernando J. Corbató
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kit Cosper
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patrick Cousot
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ingemar Cox
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seymour Cray
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nello Cristianini
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jon Crowcroft
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/W. Bruce Croft
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glen Culler
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haskell Curry
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luigi Dadda
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ole-Johan Dahl
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ryan Dahl
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andries van Dam
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samir Das
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neil Daswani
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christopher J. Date
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terry A. Davis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeff Dean
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erik Demaine
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom DeMarco
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard DeMillo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dorothy E. Denning
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter J. Denning
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael Dertouzos
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexander Dewdney
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert Dewar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vinod Dham
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jan Dietz
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whitfield Diffie
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edsger W. Dijkstra
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Matthew Dillon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alan Dix
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack Dongarra
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marco Dorigo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul Dourish
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles Stark Draper
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Susan Dumais
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adam Dunkels
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jon Michael Dunn
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schahram Dustdar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter Eades
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Annie Easley
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wim Ebbinkhuijsen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John Presper Eckert
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alan Edelman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brendan Eich
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philip Emeagwali
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E. Allen Emerson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Douglas Engelbart
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barbara Engelhardt
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David Eppstein
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrey Ershov
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don Estridge
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oren Etzioni
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christopher Riche Evans
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David C. Evans
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shimon Even
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scott Fahlman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edward Feigenbaum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edward Felten
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tim Finin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raphael Finkel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donald Firesmith
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gary William Flake
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tommy Flowers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert Floyd
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sally Floyd
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lawrence J. Fogel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James D. Foley
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ken Forbus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/L. R. Ford, Jr.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lance Fortnow
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mahmoud Samir Fayed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin Fowler
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert France
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Herbert W. Franke
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edward Fredkin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yoav Freund
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniel P. Friedman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charlotte Froese Fischer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ping Fu
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xiaoming Fu
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kunihiko Fukushima
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/D. R. Fulkerson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard P. Gabriel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zvi Galil
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernard Galler
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hector Garcia-Molina
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael Garey
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hugo de Garis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bill Gates
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David Gelernter
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lisa Gelobter
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles Geschke
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zoubin Ghahramani
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sanjay Ghemawat
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeremy Gibbons
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juan E. Gilbert
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lee Giles
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seymour Ginsburg
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert L. Glass
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kurt Gödel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ashok Goel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joseph Goguen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E. Mark Gold
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adele Goldberg
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrew V. Goldberg
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ian Goldberg
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Judy Goldsmith
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oded Goldreich
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shafi Goldwasser
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gene Golub
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin Charles Golumbic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gastón Gonnet
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ian Goodfellow
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James Gosling
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul Graham
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert M. Graham
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Susan L. Graham
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jim Gray
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sheila Greibach
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David Gries
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ralph Griswold
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bill Gropp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom Gruber
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shelia Guberman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ramanathan V. Guha
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neil J. Gunther
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jürg Gutknecht
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael Guy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert Griesemer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nico Habermann
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philipp Matthäus Hahn
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eldon C. Hall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wendy Hall
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joseph Halpern
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Margaret Hamilton
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard Hamming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jiawei Han
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank Harary
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian Harris
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juris Hartmanis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johan Håstad
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Les Hatton
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Igor Hawryszkiewycz
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/He Jifeng
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eric Hehner
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin Hellman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gernot Heiser
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James Hendler
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John L. Hennessy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrew Herbert
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carl Hewitt
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kelsey Hightower
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Danny Hillis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geoffrey Hinton
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Julia Hirschberg
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tin Kam Ho
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C. A. R. Hoare
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Louis Hodes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Betty Holberton
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John Henry Holland
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Herman Hollerith
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerard Holzmann
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John Hopcroft
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grace Hopper
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eric Horvitz
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alston Householder
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul Hudak
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David A. Huffman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John Hughes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roger Hui
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Watts Humphrey
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sandra Hutchins
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean Ichbiah
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roberto Ierusalimschy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dan Ingalls
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mary Jane Irwin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kenneth E. Iverson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ivar Jacobson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anil K. Jain
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ramesh Jain
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jonathan James
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David S. Johnson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephen C. Johnson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cliff Jones
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael I. Jordan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mathai Joseph
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aravind K. Joshi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bill Joy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dan Jurafsky
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William Kahan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert E. Kahn
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Avinash Kak
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poul-Henning Kamp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David Karger
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard Karp
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Narendra Karmarkar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marek Karpinski
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ted Kaehler
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alan Kay
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neeraj Kayal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manolis Kellis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John George Kemeny
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ken Kennedy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian Kernighan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carl Kesselman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gregor Kiczales
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter T. Kirstein
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephen Cole Kleene
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dan Klein
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leonard Kleinrock
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donald Knuth
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrew Koenig
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daphne Koller
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael Kölling
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrey Nikolaevich Kolmogorov
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Janet L. Kolodner
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David Korn
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kees Koster
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert Kowalski
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John Koza
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John Krogstie
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joseph Kruskal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maarja Kruusmaa
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas E. Kurtz
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard E. Ladner
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monica S. Lam
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leslie Lamport
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Butler Lampson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter Landin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom Lane
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Börje Langefors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chris Lattner
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve Lawrence
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edward D. Lazowska
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joshua Lederberg
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manny M Lehman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles E. Leiserson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Douglas Lenat
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yann LeCun
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rasmus Lerdorf
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Max Levchin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leonid Levin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kevin Leyton-Brown
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/J.C.R. Licklider
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David Liddle
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jochen Liedtke
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John Lions
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles H. Lindsey
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard J. Lipton
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barbara Liskov
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yanhong Annie Liu
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darrell Long
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patricia D. Lopez
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gillian Lovegrove
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ada Lovelace
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David Luckham
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eugene Luks
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nancy Lynch
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nadia Magnenat Thalmann
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom Maibaum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simon Marlow
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zohar Manna
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James Martin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert C. Martin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John Mashey
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yuri Matiyasevich
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yukihiro Matsumoto
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John Mauchly
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ujjwal Maulik
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Derek McAuley
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John McCarthy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrew McCallum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Douglas McIlroy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chris McKinstry
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marshall Kirk McKusick
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lambert Meertens
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kurt Mehlhorn
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dora Metcalf
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bertrand Meyer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silvio Micali
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robin Milner
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack Minker
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marvin Minsky
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James G. Mitchell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom M. Mitchell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arvind Mithal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul Mockapetris
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cleve Moler
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faron Moller
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John P. Moon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles H. Moore
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edward F. Moore
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gordon Moore
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/J Strother Moore
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roger Moore
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hans Moravec
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carroll Morgan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert Tappan Morris
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joel Moses
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rajeev Motwani
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oleg A. Mukhanov
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephen Muggleton
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Klaus-Robert Müller
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alan Mycroft
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brad A. Myers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mihai Nadin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Makoto Nagao
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frieder Nake
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bonnie Nardi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter Naur
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roger Needham
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James G. Nell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greg Nelson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernard de Neumann
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Klara Dan von Neumann
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John von Neumann
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allen Newell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Max Newman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrew Ng
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nils John Nilsson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/G.M. Nijssen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tobias Nipkow
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maurice Nivat
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phiwa Nkambule
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jerre Noe
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter Nordin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donald Norman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter Norvig
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George Novacky
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kristen Nygaard
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin Odersky
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter O'Hearn
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/T. William Olle
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve Omohundro
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Severo Ornstein
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John O'Sullivan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John Ousterhout
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark Overmars
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Susan Owicki
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Larry Page
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sankar Pal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paritosh Pandya
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christos Papadimitriou
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David Parnas
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DJ Patil
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yale Patt
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David Patterson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike Paterson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mihai Pătraşcu
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lawrence Paulson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Randy Pausch
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juan Pavón
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Judea Pearl
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alan Perlis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radia Perlman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pier Giorgio Perotto
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rózsa Péter
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simon Peyton Jones
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kathy Pham
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roberto Pieraccini
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keshav Pingali
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gordon Plotkin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amir Pnueli
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willem van der Poel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cicely Popplewell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emil Post
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jon Postel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Franco Preparata
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William H. Press
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rapelang Rabana
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grzegorz Rozenberg
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael O. Rabin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dragomir R. Radev
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/T. V. Raman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian Randell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anders P. Ravn
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raj Reddy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David P. Reed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trygve Reenskaug
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John C. Reynolds
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joyce K. Reynolds
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reinder van de Riet
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernard Richards
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin Richards
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adam Riese
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C. J. van Rijsbergen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dennis Ritchie
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ron Rivest
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ken Robinson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colette Rolland
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John Romero
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Azriel Rosenfeld
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Douglas T. Ross
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guido van Rossum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M. A. Rothman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Winston W. Royce
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rudy Rucker
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steven Rudich
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeff Rulifson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James Rumbaugh
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter Ružička
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George Sadowsky
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mehrnoosh Sadrzadeh
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Umar Saif
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerard Salton
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean E. Sammet
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Claude Sammut
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carl Sassenrath
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mahadev Satyanarayanan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Walter Savitch
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jonathan Schaeffer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wilhelm Schickard
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jürgen Schmidhuber
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve Schneider
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bruce Schneier
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fred B. Schneider
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sarita Schoenebeck
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glenda Schroeder
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernhard Schölkopf
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dana Scott
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael L. Scott
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert Sedgewick
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ravi Sethi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nigel Shadbolt
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adi Shamir
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Claude Shannon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David E. Shaw
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cliff Shaw
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scott Shenker
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shashi Shekhar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ben Shneiderman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edward H. Shortliffe
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniel Siewiorek
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joseph Sifakis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Herbert A. Simon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Munindar P. Singh
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ramesh Sitaraman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniel Sleator
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aaron Sloman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arne Sølvberg
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian Cantwell Smith
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David Canfield Smith
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steven Spewak
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carol Spradling
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert Sproull
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rohini Kesavan Srihari
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sargur Srihari
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maciej Stachowiak
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard Stallman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ronald Stamper
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thad Starner
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard E. Stearns
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guy L. Steele, Jr.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas Sterling
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexander Stepanov
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/W. Richard Stevens
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Larry Stockmeyer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Salvatore Stolfo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael Stonebraker
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olaf Storaasli
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christopher Strachey
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volker Strassen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bjarne Stroustrup
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Madhu Sudan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerald Jay Sussman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bert Sutherland
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ivan Sutherland
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Latanya Sweeney
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mario Szegedy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parisa Tabriz
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roberto Tamassia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrew S. Tanenbaum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Austin Tate
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernhard Thalheim
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Éva Tardos
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gábor Tardos
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert Tarjan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Valerie Taylor
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mario Tchou
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jaime Teevan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shang-Hua Teng
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Larry Tesler
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Avie Tevanian
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles P. Thacker
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniel Thalmann
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ken Thompson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sebastian Thrun
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Walter F. Tichy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seinosuke Toda
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linus Torvalds
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leonardo Torres Quevedo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Godfried Toussaint
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gloria Townsend
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edwin E. Tozer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joseph F Traub
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John V. Tucker
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John Tukey
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alan Turing
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David Turner
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Murray Turoff
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeffrey D. Ullman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leslie Valiant
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vladimir Vapnik
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moshe Vardi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dorothy Vaughan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernard Vauquois
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Umesh Vazirani
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manuela M. Veloso
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/François Vernadat
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard Veryard
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sergiy Vilkomir
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul Vitanyi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrew Viterbi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeffrey Scott Vitter
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul Vixie
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eiiti Wada
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David Wagner
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David Waltz
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James Z. Wang
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve Ward
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manfred K. Warmuth
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David H. D. Warren
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kevin Warwick
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jan Weglarz
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philip Wadler
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter Wegner
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joseph Henry Wegstein
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter J. Weinberger
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark Weiser
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joseph Weizenbaum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David Wheeler
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Franklin H. Westervelt
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve Whittaker
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jennifer Widom
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gio Wiederhold
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norbert Wiener
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adriaan van Wijngaarden
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mary Allen Wilkes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maurice Vincent Wilkes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yorick Wilks
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James H. Wilkinson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sophie Wilson
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shmuel Winograd
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terry Winograd
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patrick Winston
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Niklaus Wirth
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neil Wiseman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dennis E. Wisnosky
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephen Wolfram
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike Woodger
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philip Woodward
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beatrice Helen Worsley
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve Wozniak
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jie Wu
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William Wulf
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mihalis Yannakakis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrew Chi-Chih Yao
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John Yen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nobuo Yoneda
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edward Yourdon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moti Yung
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lotfi Zadeh
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hans Zantema
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arif Zaman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stanley Zdonik
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hussein Zedan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shlomo Zilberstein
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jill Zimmerman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Konrad Zuse
